Fix good commit example to use imperative title (#587)
python/devguide: pullrequest.rst

Commit messages should follow the following structure::

>    bpo-42: make the spam module more spammy (GH-NNNN)

Reviewer: This comment is based on my preference and looking at two pages of current  `git log --oneline` output.
```suggestion
   bpo-42: Make the spam module more spammy (GH-NNNN)
```
An initial capital is nearly always used if there is no bpo number.  The exception was of the form 's/type/fix/'.  When there is a bpo number, capitals are more common than not.
@gvanrossum Do you disagree with the change?

Author: @terryjreedy I agree with you. I saw the capital letter on various commit messages, too, and I'm using it as well. Furthermore, the devguide's [quick reference](https://devguide.python.org/#quick-reference) uses a capital letter in point seven, too.
If @gvanrossum agrees on this, I'm happy to apply the suggested change.

Reviewer 2: I'm personally neutral about the change because I don't think it has a significant effect on the readability of the commit messages for the purposes of detailing the changes (unlike imperative vs descriptive, IMO). So while the prevailing style is sentence case capitalization after the `bpo-NNN:`, I don't know that it's a real concern.

That being said, if we just modified the example to use it (as proposed above) rather than writing about in the guidelines, I don't have an issue with it.

   The spam module sporadically came up short on spam. This change
   raises the amount of spam in the module by making it more spammy.

The first line or sentence is meant to be a dense, to-the-point explanation

> of what the purpose of the commit is. The imperative form is strongly

Reviewer 2: Since we have many developers with varying levels of English proficiency, some of them may not be overly familiar with the difference between imperative and descriptive form. As a result, I think it's worth having `(used in the example above)` after "imperative form" to make it a bit more explicit as to what is being referred to.

E.g. "The imperative form (used in the example above) is strongly preferred..."

above) is strongly preferred to a descriptive form such as 'the spam module is
now more spammy'. Use ``git log --oneline`` to see existing title lines.
Furthermore, the first line should not end in a period.

If this is not enough detail for a commit, a new paragraph(s) can be added
to explain in proper depth what has happened (detail should be good enough
that a core developer reading the commit message understands the
justification for the change).

Check :ref:`the git bootcamp <accepting-and-merging-a-pr>` for further
instructions on how the commit message should look like when merging a pull
request.

.. note::
   `How to Write a Git Commit Message <https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/>`_

>    is a nice article describing how to write a good commit message.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   is a nice article that describes how to write a good commit message.
```
